Authenticate/Authorization Overview



Authentication 

Message signing approach from OAuth 1.0a protocol [OAuth, 10] to secure its message interactions between the TC and Assessment Tool (AT). 

Process Flow
OAuth signing requires a key and shared secret to sign messages.
The key is transmitted with each message, as well as an OAuth-generated signature based on the key. 
The AT looks up the secret based on the provided key and re-computes the signature and compares the recomputed signature with the transmitted signature to verify the sender's credentials.

Admin Tasks
1)  CafeLearn register with Sooryen and gets a API key and secret.
2)  Assessment Tool will store Client Info, key and hash(secret) in the DB.


Authorization
We will provide a API for TC to add/upload user data CSV file. Every API call will contain user_id and context_id which will allows us to check Users permissions for that action.

CSV format:
user_id, role, context_id

context_id == unique id of the course from which the user is accessing the app. If a app were added multiple times to the same course, this id would be the same regardless of which link was used to launch the app.

Admin Task
1) Cafe Learn will use Oauth to authenicate
2) Then upload the CSV file using API.
3) The AT will store the file (S3) with date_timestamp
4) The AT always populates the DB with latest file. The S3 bucket will maintain all versions of this file.


User Identity Assertion
Assessment tool will be assessed by one or more instructors, students into through a link/button on the Tool Consumer side. Any time a student, instructor, administrator, clicks the link they will be directed to the our Tool via a signed POST request (Oauth). It is our responsibility to confirm the signature on the POST request. If the signature is invalid then none of the information should be trusted.
If the signature is valid then we will accept the identity assertion provided by the Tool Consumer. We will then return a access token/consumer token which will be used for all our subequent API calls. 

Each API call must include Access token, context_id, user_id

Flow for Create a Quiz

